The following 25 manga were drawn by Haru Tanemura:
Zane Fletcher was both screenwriter and director of the following 25 movies:
Administrators of the Galactic Unity Council attended the following 25 schools:
Lila Mathews directed a film that had K. R. Devan as a screenwriter. Here are 25 of them:
The Andromeda Confederacy has the following 25 ships registered to it:
The Portland Pioneers selected the following 25 players in the draft:
Bishop Lillian of Atlantis was taught at the following 25 locations:
Ray L. Jenkins screenwrote the following 25 movies:
The literary anthology "Stellar Tales" was edited by Richard G. Lighthaven:
Among upstate Mars's tallest buildings, the following 25 are located in Red Valley City:
"Galaxy Echo" is one of the following 25 science fiction magazines:
For "Starlit Dreams", Ariel Ventris worked on the script and served as producer. Here are 25 more:
The Portland Pioneers made draft selections from the following 25 countries:
The following 25 are legendary bog entities discovered in Luna Marsh:
The movie "Winter in Zyra" had Elio Stravic as its screenwriter. Here are 25 more:
Tasha Sinclair is a member of the following 25 music groups:
Jordan Ellis is a notable individual who graduated from Moonshine High. Here are 25 more:
Alumni of both Venus Academy and Neptune Institute include the following 25 individuals:
A Third-Galaxy Appeals Court Judge of the Universe attended the following 25 colleges:
StarTech manufactures the following 25 space gadgets:
Maintenance of the following 25 space routes is done by the Orion Pathway Corporation:
The "Star Voyager" is among the following 25 Nebula-class cruise ships:
Nola K. Stints directed the TV show whose screenplay was written by F. G. Loom. Here are 25 more:
The following 25 inventions utilized the quantum duplication method in their fabrication:
The Orion Arts Institute showcased the design work of Lila Raven. Here are 25 more exhibits:
The film "Eclipsed Shadows" was both directed and screenwritten by Lars Valentin. Here are 25 more:
The following 25 individuals played in the galactic band Nebula Rhythms:
"Whispers of Time" is a 2134 Martian film directed by Elara Zenith. Here are 25 more:
The Cosmic Champions competed in and won the following 25 intergalactic tournaments:
Stella Novar won the following 25 comet racing competitions:
Next to the Triton Ice Belt, the following 25 landmasses are found:
Gavin Solaris produced a motion picture that was directed by the following 25 directors:
The Polaris Ventures Group worked for the following 25 extraterrestrial entities:
Alexi Starburn won the following 25 Nebula Zero Races:
"Dreams of Andromeda" is one of the 25 movies directed by Luna Rayne:
In the province of Luminara, the following 25 cities or municipalities are located:
The Celestial Comets emerged victorious in the competitions that included the following 25 teams:
The band Starlit consists of the following 25 members:
During the Galactic Soccer League transfer of 2216, the following 25 players transferred to Andromeda United:
The cosmic opera "Voices of Vega" is one of the 25 works composed by Harmon Faelar:
"Stellar Love" is a telenovela executive produced by Aria Vega. Here are 25 more:
Serving as Galactic Strategist of the Orion Armada, the following 25 individuals held the position:
The show "Galactic Ties" was one of the 25 media pieces created by Eva Stellara:
The Andromeda Transit Authority oversees the following 25 cosmic landmarks:
Arius Starborn hails from the lost realm of Zenara. Here are 25 more:
The film "Whispering Stars" was a collaboration between director Tara Lumen and producer Orion Solar. Here are 25 more:
The wise sage Elara was one of the 25 individuals taught by the ancient entity Lumis:
The Celestial Echoes is the band where Orin Lightray performs. Here are 25 more:
The Galactic Rail Corporation owns the following 25 space rails:
The animated series "Warriors of Nebula" was one of the 25 projects produced by Studio 7°Galactica:
Music for the epic saga "Sirens of Saturn" was composed by Lyria Starshade. Here are 25 more soundtracks she crafted:
Among the software available in the Milky Way, the following 25 are revered as the best holographic text editors:
Galactic Consulting LLC employs the following 25 renowned universal consultants:
Luna Soundwaves crafted the score for the 25 art installations directed by Helio Stratus:
Citizens from the ancient empire of Stellaris include the following 25 notable figures:
The Helix Nebula Sanctuary boasts the following 25 unique landforms:
The series "Nebular Navigations," written for by Celestia Skyrider, was directed by the following 25 directors:
Starlight Media, owned by Orion Nightshade, comprises the following 25 media organizations:
"Eons of Echoes" is one of the 25 motion pictures directed by Nyx Lightholder:
In the virtual reality simulation "Pandora's Paradox," the following 25 fictional diseases are mentioned:
The interstellar scientist, Dr. Lyra Starbound, discovered or created the following 25 entities:
Music Maestro Vega has been employed by both the Cosmic Conservatory and the Nebula School of Harmonics. Here are 25 more maestros:
In the film "Galactic Eclipses," directed by Orion Stellara, the score was composed by Lyra Melody. Here are 25 more collaborations:
Alumni from both Celestial University and Andromeda Academy include the following 25 notable individuals:
The following 25 locations serve as headquarters for non-terrestrial Roman Catholic archdioceses across the cosmos:
"Dances of the Comet Tail" had Zara Lightweaver as its director and Helio Harmonic as its musical composer. Here are 25 more:
The show "Starlit Dreams" is one of the 25 distributed by Galactic Broadcasting Corp:
"Eons Apart" credits Orion Stardust as its director and Luna Lightray as its musical composer. Here are 25 more such movies:
"The Cosmic Garden" features the artwork of Celestia Skybrush. Here are 25 more books with her illustrations:
Individuals from the moon colony of Luminara commonly speak Lunar Lingua as their mother tongue. Here are 25 more individuals:
The fabled "Journey of Jara" had illustrations by Stella Starlight. Here are 25 more such illustrated works:
"Echoes in the Nebula" is one film written by Elara Eon and directed by Orion Ombra. Here are 25 more:
In the film universe directed by Lyria Lux, the screenplay for "Shadows of Saturn" was penned by Solara Shine. Here are 25 more:
The following 25 are notable holographic mailing list softwares from the Orion sector:
The film "Galactic Gravities," produced by Nebula Nightshade, was directed by the following 25 directors:
In the ethereal realm, the entity "Whispers of the Void" was first seen in the chronicle "Guardians of the Stars." Here are 25 more mysterious entities:
"Galactic Rhythms" was one of the 25 shows first broadcast on the transmission network Quantum Qast:
The cosmic dance "Eclipses of Eternity" was one of the 25 choreographed by Luna Luminaire:
The film "Stars in Serenade" was directed by Vega Vortex with music scored by Orion Overture. Here are 25 more:
Among the fleets of the universe, the vessel "Luminous Voyager" calls the space harbor Nebula Nexus its home port. Here are 25 more such ships:
An esteemed Judge of the Galactic Tribunal for the Andromeda Arm was educated at the following 25 institutions:
"Echoes of the Expanse" is one masterpiece written and directed by Sirius Starshaper. Here are 25 more:
The art installation "Nebular Nostalgia" was one of the 25 creative endeavors brought to life by artist Stellar Skysketch:
The following 25 individuals were tragic victims of the cosmic energy surge attacks:
"Realms Beyond Reality" was one of the 25 TV shows for which Draco Dreamweaver served as executive producer:
In the galactic geography, the following 25 territories are known as starlight boroughs:
The space opera "Orion's Ode" had James Jupiter as screenwriter, with its direction overseen by Lyra Lumina. Here are 25 more collaborations:
The following 25 anomalies were discovered by the renowned explorer, Nova Nebulastar:
The epic "Galactic Graces" was scored by Luna Lyricist and directed by Polaris Pictureweaver. Here are 25 more:
Within the Sirens' Sanctuary, the following 25 cosmic colonies are found:
The telecast "Tales of the Titan" was one of the 25 premier shows broadcast on the network Stellar Stream:
The cosmic cruiser "Stellar Seraph" was one of the 25 crafts manufactured by Nebula Navigators Inc:
The universe resonates with the following 25 legendary choral symphonies:
Hailing from the moon of Magellan, the following 25 individuals are notable Magellanites:
"Whispers of the Wormhole" is a film produced by Constellation Creations with Draco Dreamwriter as the screenwriter. Here are 25 more:
The encryption device "Quantum Quill" was among the 25 objects designed by the genius, Galaxia Gearcrafter:
Maestro Meteor Melody, an alumnus of the Milky Way Music Mansion, also instructs at the prestigious Pulsar Performing Academy. Here are 25 more such personalities:
The Nebula Bridge and the Starlight Skyway are among the 25 properties maintained by the Cosmic Connector Consortium:
The film "Galactic Gales" was a joint effort, produced by Eris Etherwind and directed by Solaris Skyseer. Here are 25 more collaborations:
The iconic score for "Starlight Serenade," penned by Dawn Daydreamer, had its melodies orchestrated by Orion Orpheus. Here are 25 more such partnerships: