The following 25 manga were drawn by Ryoichi Ikegami:
The following 25 movies were both written and directed by Harmony Korine:
The following 25 administrators of the UN Development Programme attended school at:
The following 25 directors made films with P. Balachandran as a screenwriter:
The Russian Empire had the following 25 ships registered to it:
The Seattle Storm selected the following 25 players in the draft:
The following 25 Bishops of Bradford were taught at:
The following 25 movies were screenwritten by Scott Z. Burns:
David G. Hartwell edited the following 25 pieces of literature:
The following 25 of upstate New York's tallest buildings are located in Buffalo:
The following 25 magazines are science fiction magazines:
Mani Ratnam worked on the script and served as producer for the following 25 movies:
Seattle Storm made draft selections from the following 25 countries:
The following 25 are discovered bog bodies:
The following 25 movies had Ivan Pyryev as its screenwriter:
Trey Anastasio belongs to the following 25 music groups:
The following 25 individuals graduated from St. Rose high school:
The following 25 individuals are alumnus of both Upper Canada College and Trinity College:
The following 25 First-Circuit Appeals Court Judges of the United States attended college at:
Baojun manufactures the following 25 items:
The East Nippon Expressway Company maintains the following 25 expressways:
The following 25 ships are Solstice-class cruise ships:
The following 25 TV shows directed by someone had their screenplay written by B. J. Novak:
The following 25 objects used the cloning method in their fabrication:
The following 25 institutions featured the design work of Guy Lowell:
The following 25 movies were both directed and screenwritten by Kamal Haasan:
The following 25 individuals played in the band Iron Maiden:
The following 25 films were British films from 1923 directed by Walter West:
Arsenal F.C. competed in and won the following 25 competitions:
Naomi Broady won the following 25 competitions:
The following 25 types of land masses are found next to the Shackleton Ice Shelf:
Joe Pasternak produced the following 25 motion pictures that were directed by:
The Carlyle Group worked for the following 25 entities:
The following 25 individuals won a Coke Zero Sugar 400 competition:
The following 25 movies were directed by Rick Alverson:
The following 25 cities or municipalities are located in the province of Basilan:
The following 25 teams emerged victorious in the competition that included the Detroit Tigers:
The following 25 individuals are members of the group IRis:
The following 25 North American Soccer League players transferred to Edmonton in 2016:
The following 25 musical works were composed by Jason Robert Brown:
The following 25 telenovelas were executive produced by Ernesto Alonso:
The following 25 individuals served as Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Israel Defense Forces:
Kay Mellor created the following 25 pieces of media:
The Maryland Transportation Authority is in charge of the following 25 landmarks:
The following 25 individuals came from Rhodesia:
The following 25 films were directed by Radha Mohan and produced by Prakash Raj:
The following 25 individuals were taught by Jesus:
Cedric Bixler-Zavala is part of the following 25 bands:
Metro-North Railroad owns the following 25 items:
Studio 4°C was responsible for producing the following 25 series:
The following 25 films directed by S. A. Rajkumar had music composed by S. Narayan:
The following 25 software are text editors:
The following 25 entities employ consultants:
Bob Cobert composed music for the following 25 works of art, software, etc., directed by Dan Curtis:
The following 25 individuals have citizenship from Goguryeo:
Key West National Wildlife Refuge contains the following 25 landforms:
The following 25 TV programs directed by someone had their scripts written by Mitchell Burgess:
Kevin Terry owns the following 25 media organizations:
Albert Ward served as director for the following 25 motion pictures:
The following 25 art sources mention fictional diseases:
The following 25 entities were found or created by Glenn T. Seaborg:
The following 25 individuals were employed by both the Curtis Institute of Music and the Juilliard School:
The movie directed by A. Vincent had its music composed by G. Devarajan for the following 25 films:
The following 25 individuals were both graduates from Ananda College and University of Ceylon:
The headquarters of the following 25 areas are non-metropolitan Roman Catholic archdioceses:
The following 25 movies had K. S. L. Swamy as its director and Vijaya Bhaskar as its musical composer:
The following 25 TV shows are distributed by JTBC:
The movie directed by P. Subramaniam had its music composed by G. Devarajan for the following 25 films:
The following 25 books feature Maurice Sendak's artwork:
The following 25 individuals spoke Filipino as their mother tongue:
The following 25 books had illustrations by Pauline Baynes:
The following 25 films were directed by someone and written by John Steinbeck:
The following 25 films directed by Carlos Baeza had their scripts written by:
The following 25 are notable mailing list software:
The following 25 films that Richard Gordon produced were directed by:
The first appearance of the following 25 imaginary beings was in Guardians of the Galaxy:
The following 25 TV shows were first shown on Fuse:
Martha Graham choreographed the following 25 dances:
The following 25 films were directed by B. R. Panthulu with music scored by T. G. Lingappa:
The following 25 ships call Baltimore their home port:
The following 25 Judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit were educated at:
Larry Cohen wrote and directed the following 25 works of art:
Artist Fred Barron created the following 25 works of art:
The following 25 individuals were victims of bomb attacks:
David E. Kelley was the executive producer for the following 25 TV shows:
The following 25 Welsh principal areas are county boroughs:
James R. Webb served as screenwriter for the following 25 films directed by Joseph Kane:
The following 25 discoveries were made by R. Scott Dunbar:
The movie directed by Puttanna Kanagal had its music scored by Vijaya Bhaskar for the following 25 films:
The following 25 localities in Sweden are found in the Säter Municipality:
The following 25 TV shows were first broadcast on Asianet:
The following 25 items were manufactured by Saipa:
The following 25 works are choral symphonies:
The following 25 individuals are Guamanian citizens:
Syncopy Inc. produced the following 25 movies with Christopher Nolan as the screenwriter:
The following 25 objects were designed by Joan Daemen:
The following 25 individuals work at Juilliard and were Manhattan School of Music alumni:
The following 25 properties are maintained by Bridge House Estates:
The following 25 films produced by Ethan Coen were directed by Joel Coen:
DeVery Freeman was the screenwriter for the following 25 movies composed by:
